			TEAM MEETING


Team Meeting

WHEN: Friday February 2nd
PURPOSE: First meeting, get to know each members
ATTENDANCE: Kyler Luong, Cyn Tran, Malik kchaou, Jack Gerety, Kaleb Howard, Jackson Holle. (all online)

First time the whole team meet, this is when Jackson Holle, and Jack Gerety first join the team. 
Members introduced ourselves and get to know each other individually
We talked about what kind of project will we work on. And discuss how the role should be fairly distributed
We didnt reach the conclusion of what kind of project we will work on, and decided to wait for the professor's project
We agreed to meet once a week when we know how we are going to work on the project, and we will communicate mainly through discord.

Team Meeting

WHEN: Thursday February 20th at 3:52pm
PURPOSE: Project Discussion,
ATTENDANCE: Kyler Luong, Cyn Tran, Malik kchaou, Jack Gerety, Kaleb Howard, Jackson Holle.

We decided to work on the project that is described by the professor. And plan to make the project has graphic ability and can be
run on a browser
Cyn Tran assigned to take meeting note, make Github page to submit team meeting note.
Team decides to do the assigned class project.
Malik suggests use infix to dictate the expression to parse. We talked that we will use a stack to evaluates the Boolean Expression
Kyler Loung is assigned to documents the project test case, and each members testcase.
Everyone should make their own test case, but Loung will collects it and oranized it into one document.
We discuss the responsibility of each of the team members, and each indivitual responsibility.  

Team Meeting

WHEN: Thursday February 22nd at 3:52pm
PURPOSE: Finish Project Management Plan
ATTENDANCE: Kyler Luong, Cyn Tran, Malik kchaou, Jack Gerety, Kaleb Howard, Jackson Holle.

We distributed the work fairly among team members in order to complete the Project Mangament Plan in time. 
We work on filling the Project Management Plan. 
We decided that we will keep working on the Project Mangement Plan and will meet up on Discord to go through all of the material 
written before submitting the final Plan

Team Meeting

WHEN: Saturday February 24th at 10am
PURPOSE: Go through finished Project Mangement Plan.
ATTENDANCE: Kyler Luong, Cyn Tran, Malik kchaou, Jack Gerety, Kaleb Howard, Jackson Holle.

Everyone has finished their part in filling the Project Mangement Plan.
We go through the document and fix some grammar error and sentences structure for soundness of the sentences.
All of the team members provided their pursonal information in Section 3 for easy communication.
Everyone agrees on the final Project Mangment Plan and Cyn submit the documentation on GitHub
